Update Filebeat modules documentation (#32384)
elastic/beats: filebeat/docs/include/cisco-log-level.asciidoc

> An integer between 1 and 7 that allows to filter messages based on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An integer between 1 and 7 that allows filtering messages based on the
```
